Improve readme (#686)
conda-forge/miniforge: README.md

</details>

## Usage

> If Miniforge is on the system path (default on macOS and Linux), its versions of the

Reviewer: I want to change the whole idea of "Miniforge" being on the path.

"Miniforge" gets "conda" and "mamba" on your system. Once it is installed, its "job" is done. I want to help emphasize this.

| Linux   | aarch64 (arm64) `(**)`        | glibc >= 2.17   | `Miniforge3-Linux-aarch64.sh`   |
| Linux   | ppc64le (POWER8/9)            | glibc >= 2.17   | `Miniforge3-Linux-ppc64le.sh`   |
| macOS   | x86_64                        | macOS >= 10.13  | `Miniforge3-MacOSX-x86_64.sh`   |
| macOS   | arm64 (Apple Silicon) `(***)` | macOS >= 11.0   | `Miniforge3-MacOSX-arm64.sh`    |
| Windows | x86_64                        | Windows >= 7    | `Miniforge3-Windows-x86_64.exe` |

`(*)` The Python version is specific only to the base environment. Conda can create new environments with different Python versions and implementations.

`(**)` For Raspberry PI that include a 64 bit processor, you must also use
a 64-bit operating system such as
[Raspberry Pi OS 64-bit](https://www.raspberrypi.com/software/operating-systems/#raspberry-pi-os-64-bit)
or
[Ubuntu for Raspberry PI](https://ubuntu.com/raspberry-pi).
The versions listed as "System: 32-bit" are not compatible with the installers on this website.

`(***)` Apple silicon builds are experimental and haven't had testing like the other platforms.

## Install

> On all platforms, the installation should be finalized with commands like

Reviewer: i don't think this is true on unix. 

You should instead explain what the defaults will do, and explain why you suggestion is important.

```sh
conda init --all
```

(see `conda init -h`) and potentially also

```sh
conda config --set auto_activate_base false
```

### Windows

Download and execute [the Windows installer](https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge/releases/latest/download/Miniforge3-Windows-x86_64.exe).
Follow the prompts, taking note of the options to
"Create start menu shortcuts" and "Add Miniforge3 to my PATH environment variable". The latter is
not selected by default due to potential conflicts with other software. Without Miniforge3 on the
path, the most convenient way to use the installed software (such as commands `conda` and `mamba`)
will be via the "Miniforge Prompt" installed to the start menu.

If desired, the

> `C:\Users\myusername\miniforge3\condabin` folder may be added to the path environment variable

Author: Note that for installation for all users, the path is of course different. It would be good to mention it.

Reviewer: thank you.

[manually](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/previous-versions/office/developer/sharepoint-2010/ee537574(v=office.14)#to-add-a-path-to-the-path-environment-variable)
after installation so the software may be used more conveniently from any command prompt with limited chance of software conflicts.

There are known issues with the usage of special characters and spaces in
the installation location, see for example
https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge/issues/484.
We recommend users install in a directory without any such characters in the name.

For non-interactive usage one can use the batch install option:

```sh
start /wait "" Miniforge3-Windows-x86_64.exe /InstallationType=JustMe /RegisterPython=0 /S /D=%UserProfile%\Miniforge3
```

### Unix-like platforms (macOS & Linux)

Download the installer using curl or wget or your favorite program. For eg:

```sh
curl -L -O "https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge/releases/latest/download/Miniforge3-$(uname)-$(uname -m).sh"
```

or

```sh
wget "https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge/releases/latest/download/Miniforge3-$(uname)-$(uname -m).sh"
```

Run the script with:

```sh
bash Miniforge3-$(uname)-$(uname -m).sh
```

> or for non-interactive install (call with `-h` to list the extra options):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The interactive installation will prompt you to add initialize conda with your shell. This is typically with recommended workflow. 

For non-interactive install (for example on a CI), the following command can be used (call with `-h` to list the extra options):
```

```sh
bash Miniforge3-$(uname)-$(uname -m).sh -b
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In non-interactive installations, the conda initialization commands will not be run by default.
```

### macOS with Homebrew

On macOS, you can install miniforge with [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) by running

```sh
brew install miniforge
```

> 

Reviewer: I would rather remove this section. I'm happy to point to it, but I would rather omit the installation instructions and add a disclaimer that users should turn their issues to homebrew prior to asking us to do so.
